Did you hear?
Tang Lu gave up the senior partner's place to Director Hu
No, there are such people
What the guest said himself is not wrong.
Isn't Director Hu just a pie in the sky?
Right?
Some people really can't earn money because of this
Who really has a bloody head? Isn't this Director Ma?
No, I shouldn't ask Director Ma to make it clear now
Who became me?
I'm also dragged down by the old boy surnamed Gai
Don't get excited
I didn't say if you were
You say you are too old, why can't you listen?
You get a person who talks about lower limbs, and you look at people and hum.
Who do you say looks down on people? You can make it clear, hum.
I told you, you can run, what's wrong with me?
You are like this, what do you want from me?
How am I?
I'm still a fucking victim
How suddenly
Is it okay?
Smoother than expected
Our appeal can basically be realized. What do you eat for lunch?
I'll throw you a celebration party
Not at noon.
I have an appointment, you can eat by yourself
Zhang, are you a skin?
Don't try to scare me, but someone who's about to become a barrister
You better have an idea.
Okay, I'm off work, let's go.